

# 2025-12-17

- title: Work on song with Valerie
- excerpt: I miss working on music a lot
- tags: music



# 2025-12-17

- title: Worked late doing documentation
- excerpt: Internal reviews are up but I didn't want mine to get the in way of work the next day. 
- tags: work



# 2025-12-16

- title: Baby and Photos
- excerpt: I do love my wife and photos
- tags: photography

# What I worked on

I worked with my wife on creating a plan to pick out here care for having a baby. We also took pictures of her art for her illistration job. 



# 2025-12-15

- title: Monday Run!
- excerpt: Got a new PB for the 4k
- tags: running

## What I Worked On

I wanted to change it so that https://thelonemelody.github.io/lucas-herrera-web/portfolio and refreshed the page that you wouldn't get a 404 error.

# 2025-12-14

* title: Updated Webpage
* excerpt: Fun getting it closer to what I want.
* tags: tweaking

## What I Worked On

Most of the edits were done for the purpose of getting the blog posts to look better with formatting on the cards and for the calendar to show the title instead of tags.

# 2025-12-13

* title: Deploying Prototype Websight
* excerpt: Lots of new things I have never used
* tags: career-devlopment

## What I Worked On

I spent a lot of time trying to get the formatting just how I like it.

## Reflections

I don't know how I feel about AI anymore

# 2025-12-12

* title: Worked on starting my own websight
* excerpt: Quite a bit to take in.
* tags: debugging, javascript, tailwind

## What I Worked On

First time ever using true agentic coding.

## Reflections

Do I even bother learning how to code anymore